README.md, before:

# Zotopa

Zopota is simple web application that allows user send money to friends and also stores transactions using firebase database.

## Technologies Used
React,

Redux and Redux Sagas for handling data, api calls,

Styled components used for styling (Use of CSS GRID, Mobile first media queries),

Jest for testing.

Firebase-client for making quick requests directly to firebase db.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

You need Node v6.11.3 and npm v3.10.10

### Installing

run 'npm install' to download the packages

run 'npm start' to start the application

open 'localhost:3000/' on your browser

## Running the tests

run 'npm test' to run the tests (min coverage 80%)

## Problems running on codesandbox!!!!

I have tried running this application on codesandbox but it will only work after I have made a change to the files. Any change I make will force the project to start (include adding space anywhere or even just deleting semi colons). Before that it shows an error related to the firebase client module I am using.

## Authors

* Ivo Orkuma 

## License

This project is licensed under the ISC

Commit message:

+ option of fetching data from already existing json or using firebase

README.md, after:

# Zotopa

Zopota is simple web application that allows user send money to friends and also stores transactions using firebase database.

## Technologies Used
React,

Redux and Redux Sagas for handling data, api calls,

Styled components used for styling (Use of CSS GRID, Mobile first media queries),

Jest for testing.

Firebase-client for making quick requests directly to firebase db.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

You need Node v6.11.3 and npm v3.10.10

### Installing

run 'npm install' to download the packages

run 'npm start' to start the application

open 'localhost:3000/' on your browser

## Running the tests

run 'npm test' to run the tests (min coverage 80%)

## PROBLEMS running on CODESANDBOX!!!!

IN THE SRC/API/SERVICE there is an option to use firebase uncomment the above commented code and comment the one below to use firebase.

I have tried running this application on codesandbox but it will only work after I have made a change to the files. Any change I make will force the project to start (include adding space anywhere or even just deleting semi colons). Before that it shows an error related to the firebase client module I am using. and even shows errors with redux-sagas/effect.

## Authors

* Ivo Orkuma 

## License

This project is licensed under the ISC
